c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\AzureStorage.exe.config
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\AzureStorage.exe
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\AzureStorage.pdb
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\obj\Debug\AzureStorage.Main.resources
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\obj\Debug\AzureStorage.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\obj\Debug\AzureStorage.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\obj\Debug\AzureStorage.exe
c:\users\mlavalley.satsys\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\obj\Debug\AzureStorage.pdb
C:\Users\mlavalley.SATSYS\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\obj\Debug\AzureStorage.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mlavalley.SATSYS\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\obj\Debug\AzureStorage.CreateContainerForm.resources
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\AzureStorage.exe.config
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\obj\Debug\AzureStorage.exe
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\obj\Debug\AzureStorage.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\AzureStorage.exe
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\AzureStorage.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\obj\Debug\AzureStorage.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\obj\Debug\AzureStorage.CreateContainerForm.resources
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\obj\Debug\AzureStorage.Main.resources
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\obj\Debug\AzureStorage.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Michael\Source\Repos\AzureStorage\AzureStorage\obj\Debug\AzureStorage.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
